alright guys so here we go this is game
number three of our match match too it's
a sterile strap then we have one two
three four basically this is a five land
hand with a satyr and a Pegasus I think
I'm actually gonna Mull this it just
seems pretty weak yes there you go
Mulligan is sick sure this one's got
phalanx leader Winx dead writer and
later on another guy so no I'm going to
take my chances although it is pretty
rough to have so much white mana and a
deck that mostly has green cards but I
don't want to modify I lose for this oh
well that is life there's a forest okay
that's good so turn to phalanx leader
looking good
see if he plays a blocker of some kind
and he does he plays a 2-2 tie generic
22 ok I'm going to play out my forest
and I guess i'm going to play winged
steed writer and then i'll pass the turn
all right I see what he's got for us
anything swings would it suit you got
all right I will accept your punishment
sir from your traveling philosopher how
is a traveling philosopher a 22 doesn't
even make sense okay so he gains through
life from oh there's a cavalry Pegasus
that's pretty good right now um good
enough to want to play in fact BAM
Pegasus in the house I'm gonna fly over
for some damage really really need a way
to hit our feelings later that would be
huge right now I'm gonna take five
damage this turn that sucks but we do
have a nemesis of waters coming out we
might want to sacrifice a guy just to be
able to play on nemesis next turn debate
that one
now I doesn't seem good think it's worth
it's away
might get up a stole spell all right
he's tapping on the guy with a sneer
castor my guys topped whoo so awesome
time to feed is that any good right now
so if I cat time to feed on the Phalanx
leader right what would happen
everything else would get pumped 3322 I
could attack
let's make this a three three killers to
to attack
she's targeting control choose your
target 12 green
and now I'm going to fly over 45 damage
and my hope is that next turn the
Nemesis of mortals is going to be enough
to get us there we do have a guy in our
graveyard already so this only costs
five to cast right now which means i
guaranteed next turn we are casting the
spell going to 12 life
that was such a good top deck
sing for five more
bang bang
so glad that I made that uh that time to
feed play with the Phalanx leader that
was so worth it now I think that even if
he does attack with both guys I'm gonna
block his philosopher if you play some
kind of crazy trick or something to kill
my nemesis uh I'm fine trying to grind
him out what Flyers plus the leaf crime
yes we want our Pony gave up hell ya
tuhan oh gosh pretty nice I gotta say
now we drafted a great car look at that
all good cards that we played leaf
chondrite nemesis pegasus winged steed
rider phalanx leader time to feel all
good spouse anyway guys so i will see
you guys in round number 3 and thanks
for joining us so far hope you guys are
enjoying a little bit of a look at their
oaths and some of the new mechanics i'm
especially heroic you know what this
guy's pretty cool basically like cool
tree and older card you guys may know
all right anyway see you guys in the
next match